Shock while looking at the never ending
The old house was damaged and the old man lost a lot of money.
In this time, the small house was damaged.
The dog was crawling.
The old man is noisy.
I just got back.
The old man is not doing anything.
The old man is going to the small house.
Father, grandfather, please return.
As you are, the small house is not doing anything.
There is no one who can come to take the shelf.
I'm the owner of the old house.
Don't interfere.
You look tired.
I don't like old men.
I don't want to sell my house.
I'm so tired of selling my house.
I'm not talking nonsense.
What are you doing?
You're like a cat.
I'm so tired of it.
I can't play with it.
I'm going to get fat.
I wonder if there's anyone who can play with my feet.
I'm so scared.
I've been talking to him from morning to night.
He said great things when at least they were together.
He tables and MG stood up.
Does enemy K休部 kickscage high?
Yes, yes when they are near theers-
Let's smell him.
He'scartel 700ars is here.
Let's see what he does more.
I feel color cybercrime to me only when I was a child.
I can't say anything if you don't ask me about this place.
This is the place.
If you go to the main street, you'll be scared.
I want to tell you a story.
What is your business?
I'm a carpenter.
I don't know what to say.
If this is a carpenter, I'll fix it.
Please go ahead.
I'm a carpenter.
I'm 53 years old.
I'm 16 years old.
I'm a carpenter.
I'm afraid that I'll be scared of the sound of the carpenter crying when I'm with him.